hey guys this is reading hero back again
and today I'll be showing all of you
guys how to flash cm 11 wrong on redmi
1s before proceeding I would like to say
that please do this at your own risk and
I'm not responsible if anything happens
to your device first of all make sure
that your device is rooted as well as
you have class twip recovery already and
i have already uploaded those tutorials
and you will find the link in the
description then go to the first link in
the description and download the CM 11
zip file as well as the micro rehabs or
mini g apps the file and paste them into
your internal storage of your anyoneís
after I have done that go to tools
updater and press the Menu key and we go
to recovery mode
now first of all I will suggest you guys
to make a backup of your MIUI basically
make a backup of your current wrong so
just hit the backup key and swipe to
make a backup I've already done that so
we'll be doing that so after I made a
backup you can proceed to the
installation of the CM 11 so first of
all what I have to do is go to wipe and
go to swipe to factory reset then go
back go back then go to install and then
scroll down till we find the ECM 11 zip
file as you will see I have the CM 11
unofficial or money zip file there you
can see then just touch on that and then
click on add more zips and select the G
apps KitKat silence if you select that
and then click on swipe to confirm flash
now this will take around less than 10
minutes so just be patient and don't
panic whatever happens that's what I'll
suggest just keep your phone aside for
the moment and I'll be back once it's
done
so as you guys as you guys could see the
flashing has been done let me just
change the camera angle a bit okay so
the flashing has been done now go back
to home and reboot reboot system now if
everything went red you you will be
booted into surgeon mod 11th
there you can see this you know jhen
mohran decider in modern Lebanon logo
over there now the falsehood will take a
bit of her time so don't get panic just
keep your phone aside for the moment and
it will do its job so I'll just keep the
phone aside and I'll be back
and there we go guys you can see this
energy involved welcome screen so I'll
just quickly go through this set up and
I'll be back so it is hit next
so I'll just connect to my Wi-Fi okay
there you go so you have successfully
flashed as you have successfully flashed
aoao SP ROM you have successfully flash
citizen mod 11 so Pat yourself as I have
done it successfully let me just go to
about phone and as you could see it is
Andrew 4.4.4 kitkat the latest version
of Android as of now and you can see
this in action mod version and you can
also update directly from here which is
great so I love not known your needs are
found and you can see the tail number
has been changed as well so it's safe it
seems pretty fast
let's check the available Ram I guess
that's the reason most of us are
updating most of for installing it is
most of that's the reason most of us
install citizen mod 11 as you could see
we are getting already Box 400 in 8
megabyte that is 400 plus megabyte which
is great and after you install a lot of
apps you'll still have a well over 300
megabytes of RAM which is great so
that's pretty pretty awesome so guys
that's pretty much it let me just first
show you guys the Android version as
well so up there you can see Android
4.4.4 get there so guys that's pretty
much it for this video if you guys
enjoyed it we should leave a like rating
and subscribe for more videos like these
and if you have any questions leave them
in the comments below
and you hit like button if you are
successful in doing this so thanks for
watching and I will talk to you guys in
the next video peace